Neighborhood MAP of the city of Zagreb

To run the app download all the files and open index.html file in any browser.

On initial load the app shows Google map with different map markers on it and a window with dropdown 
list and list of all the map marker names. User can interact with the map in several ways, by clicking 
on the map markers, by clicking on the items in the list or categories in the dropdown list.

Interacting with map markers:
When the user clicks on the individual marker on the map the marker starts to bounce and a list of 
Wikipedia links connected to this marker (this place on the map) appears in the window on the right 
side of the screen. After a short while, or when the user clicks on the same marker again the marker will stop bouncing.

Interacting with the dropdown list:
The dropdown list lets the user select from the types (categories) of markers. All of the markers are 
currently split into four different types: park, food, sport and culture. When the user selects a type, 
only the markers with that type will appear on the map and in the list of marker names. If the users 
selects “All” from the dropdown list, then all of the markers will appear on the map. Selecting any of 
the types from the dropdown list will also hide the Wikipedia Links window, since all the links are 
specific to a single place (marker).

Interacting with the list of marker names (titles):
When the user clicks on an item in the list, only the map marker with the same name will be displayed 
on the map. Clicking of an item will also trigger the Wikipedia Links window containing links specific 
to that place on the map.

Wikipedia Links window:
When a single marker or an item in the list of marker names is clicks it sets this window to visible. 
The window will feature links to Wikipedia articles generated by searching the name of the marker. 
If there are no articles for selected marker, a message will appear saying there are no articles for 
this place. If there is something wrong and app cannot fetch the articles an error message will appear.

This app uses Google map with customized style, the source of the style is: https://snazzymaps.com/style/22/old-timey
The app also uses custom made map marker images that are made according to the different types: park, food, sport and culture.
Additional markers can be easily added to the map in the mapMarkers array. 

The app uses the dropdown list instead of a text input filter since the markers are separated in the 
different types, creating a fun user experience of instantly seeing what types are available on the map. 
For example if user wanted to spend the day in the parks of Zagreb they could see all the options right 
away, or if they wanted to have a dinner they could see all the food related places by selecting the 
Food type of the dropdown list.
